Add doc for switchbot keypad vision (#42940)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/switchbot.markdown

### Sensors

> Sensor entiteis are added for thermometer and hygrometer devices, motion sensor, contact sensor, leak sensor, presence sensor, remote button, climate panel and keypad vision (Pro).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensor entities are added for thermometer and hygrometer devices, motion sensor, contact sensor, leak sensor, presence sensor, remote button, climate panel, and keypad vision (Pro).
```

- motion detection state
- light detection state

#### Keypad Vision (Pro)

> This is an encrypted device. Add You can execute the functions that this device supports individually in the action within the development tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an encrypted device. For testing, you can execute the actions that this device supports individually within the development tools.
```
we usually avoid sending users to the development tools.

Features:
- get batterry
- get charing state
- tamper alarm
- occupancy(detect doorbell)

Note: for actions, You can select any entity of the corresponding device.

Actions:
- get password

> - get_password_count

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- get_password_count

Examples:
```
